You are greeted by a channel related stories
Today I will tell how to tie summer
coat
sleeve consists of five parts three parts
connected on knitting needles or typewriter 2 parts
crochet
the upper part we type 34 loops
close 18 loops only 4 decreases
every second row 2 loops average
part
we collect 100 loops after decreasing
sixty-eight loops remain knit
thirty eight rows on the fourth row
remove 6 loops and five more decreases
2 loops on each side through seven
rows and bottom thirty-eight
rows
we collect 100 loops and knit without decreasing
crochet inserts between them
how to tie a square see the video
connecting crocheted parts
and how to connect the square itself, see the video
crochet openwork square links
on both videos you see on screen either you
can find them in the description for this video
on youtube
the bottom consists of four owe them
squares
the upper part consists of one square
and two halves
it now remains only to sew them
For example, the upper part show how
remove the thread first cut
thread from two sides and then pull out
a thread
leave only one row of waste thread
cut off the excess thread
gradually dissolving we collect loops for
why such difficulties if knit without
waste thread then the edge will turn out much
thicker we do not need it for the seam because
on top will be our this detail related
crochet
so we collect every loop
so that the loop does not work
disbanded before starting work all
parts need to be well soared
we process every detail and on the sleeves
and in front of me with the back
I’m on top of my usual needle
I will process it down after
sew the sleeve so that the processing was on
circle seamlessly now tell how connected
before the top of thirty eight
rows
scored 28 loops
closed 23 loops made a drop again
one loop through seven rows at the gate
insert consisting of one square with
configured on both sides of the triangle
mi the second part is also thirty eight
rows scored sixty seven loops with
one side
gate slips every 7 rows one by one
loop only five delays
on the other side of the armhole on
fourth row remove 6 loops immediately
further 6
ubavok on 2 sts every five rows and 2
increments of 2 loops through six rows
the remaining 32 loops close and three more
parts are connected and on cars or knitting and
two crochet details sixty seven
loops
thirty eight rows without a hitch
fourth part 60
there are loops thirty eight rows without
down and fifth 63 loops 30 rows
the coat was slightly narrowed down the label I did
so as not to confuse the parts and between them
crocheted squares now back
the first part of the gate forty five loops
below ninety-four loops of reductions on
shoulder 12 decreases 2 loops every second
a row of 32 rows next crochet rate
from four squares the second part
one hundred and fourteen loops on top
scored 158 5 total thirty eight
rows
down on the fourth row down
Immediately six loops further 6 decreases by 2
loops through three rows and 2 decreases through
six rows
the rate is already 6 squares due to the fact that
coat is presented there is a small
the difference in the width of the parts but the squares
do not finish building such a difference
width is easily leveled by plasticity
knitwear
the third part is thirty eight rows but
took 158 5 closed one hundred forty eight
loops 5 sleeves with one natal loop
each country through seven rows middle
noted to sew a slap
crocheted piece of 7 squares 4 piece
thirty eight rows
one hundred fifty six loops without decreasing
an insert of 6 squares and the bottom 30
rows
155 and the back is also slightly narrowed down
subscribe to my channel put
likes do not miss the following issues
related stories